Updates to README and CONTRIBUTING guide (#29)
coinbase/staking-client-library-ts: README.md

### Stake Partial ETH :diamond_shape_with_a_dot_inside:

> This code sample helps stake partial ETH (non-multiples of 32 ETH). View the full source [here](examples/ethereum/create-workflow.ts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code sample helps stake ETH via partial staking. View the full source [here](examples/ethereum/create-workflow.ts)
```

Author: Ooops - merged and later saw this. Can incorporate in next PRs.
